Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened. ― Dr. Seuss
I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best. ― Marilyn Monroe
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth. ― William W. Purkey
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. ― Mae West
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on. ― Robert Frost
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. ― Oscar Wilde
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results. ― Narcotics Anonymous
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. ― Albert Einstein
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. ― Mark Twain
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans. ― Allen Saunders
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. ― Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
Everything you can imagine is real. ― Pablo Picasso
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. ― Dr. Seuss
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. ― Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!
I’m not afraid of death; I just don’t want to be there when it happens. ― Woody Allen
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ― George Bernard Shaw
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are. ― Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. ― Albert Einstein
Reality continues to ruin my life. ― Bill Watterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn’t stop for anybody. ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. Copy and you die. – Jack Ma
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable. ― Jess C. Scott, The Intern
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie. ― Khaled Hosseini
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. ― Oscar Wilde
Be who you are and say what you mean, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind. ― Dr. Seuss
This too, shall pass. —Anonymous
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. — Theodore Roosevelt
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday. — Anonymous
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself. —Harvey Fierstein
Life’s too mysterious to take too serious. —Mary Engelbreit
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. —Eleanor Roosevelt
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before. —Albert Einstein
You can’t go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it’s just a cage. —Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad
There isn’t a way things should be. There’s just what happens, and what we do. — Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky
Be where your feet are — Anonymous
It’s not about how hard you can hit; it’s about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. —Rocky Balboa, Rocky
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it. —Helen Mirren
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. —African proverb
It’s OK to not be OK, as long as you don’t stay that way. —Anonymous
I can be changed by what happens to me but I refuse to be reduced by it. —Maya Angelou
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. —T. Roosevelt
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward. —Helen Keller
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less. —Marie Curie
There is no elevator to success — you have to take the stairs. —Anonymous
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers. —Jose Luis Borges
Don’t sweat the petty things and don’t pet the sweaty things. —George Carlin
Do not set yourself on fire in order to keep others warm. –Anonymous
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. — Seneca
I love those who can smile in trouble… — Leonardo da Vinci
Time means a lot to me because, you see, I, too, am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing and simplifying. If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of. — Bruce Lee
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. — Marcus Aurelius
Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on — Samuel Butler
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. — William James
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. — Elbert Hubbard
The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet. — Gustave Flaubert
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it. — Helen Mirren
Life is too important to be taken seriously. — Oscar Wilde
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold. — Bob Marley
I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to. — Bob Marley
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. — Soren Kierkegaard
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. — Steve Jobs
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. — Confucius
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. — Albert Einstein
You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world and there’s still going to be someone who hates peaches. — Dita Von Teese.
I am thankful to all who said no to me. It is because of them that I’m doing it myself. — Albert Einstein
Life is short, smile while you still have teeth.
3 most difficult things to do in the world: You can’t count your hair. You can’t wash your eyes with soap. You can’t breathe when your tongue is out. Now please put your tongue back inside.
When I die, I want my tombstone to offer free WiFi, just so people will visit more often.
I’m not lazy. I’m just on my energy saving mode.
You never know what you have until… you clean your room.
I wish I were a unicorn so I could stab idiots with my head
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working in the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get into the office. — Robert Frost
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing everyday
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . — Alan Dundes
Facebook just sounds like a drag, in my day seeing pictures of peoples vacations was considered a punishment. — Betty White
Money won’t buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem. — Bill Vaughan
I’m going to stand outside. So If anyone asks, I am outstanding.
You can’t always control who walks into your life… but you can control which window you throw them out of.
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it like five or six times, you know, just to be sure.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law. — Hubert Humphrey
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on —Robert Bloch
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes. —Jack Handey
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don’t generate a lot of interest. —Anonymous
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed. ― Albert Einstein
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience. ― Anonymous
Death is life’s way of telling you you’ve been fired. ― R. Geis
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. —Zig Ziglar
Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It’s already tomorrow in Australia. — Charles Schulz
Whoever said, “It’s not whether you win or lose that counts”, probably lost. — Martina Navratilova
Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up. — Benjamin Franklin
Nothing is too small to know, and nothing too big to attemptLife doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
If you’re trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I’ve had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
You cannot heal the world until you heal yourself
The measure of life is not its duration but its donation
Live each day as if it’s your last.
Enjoy life! This is not a rehearsal
Work hard. Dream big